mmed_team.txt

projects.md

https://docs.google.com/document/d/17X3dDtvVcGGIeG0tAGiKbioe2tONOREc-x6k378RG8c/edit

Resources
* Videos are on youtube channel
* [Slides](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/v4nqwqdzo29mm05/AAAm7wFZCrQrMkTqzZcH-pzPa)

A _few_ notes from 2018 and 19 are in the history of this page.

2021 Jun 09 (Wed)
================

Admissions update (JP)
* Thanks to reviewers!
* 20 students admitted; 4 additional SACEMA; 4 still on wait list
* All applicants have been notified

Participants update (FB)
* 10/11 students have confirmed
* 4 have entered the system two (others) have paid
* People have until the end of the day on Friday to confirm and/or register

Weekly message plan (JD/CvS)
* Running late!
* There is no participants@ici3d.org
* Maybe create a google mailing list
* Faikah will add Jonathan and Cari

Welcome to Bobby!
* What things can be handed over?
* Is Bobby a member of this repo?

## Discussion of progress (all faculty)

Foundations of dynamic modeling lecture
* What should the follow-up to this look like?

Introduction to likelihood video
* Use an edited version of Steve's?
* There's a also a video that Jim did for DAIDD

What new videos do we need?
* Tutorial reviews and other individual activities maybe could benefit from video recaps or suggestions
* Or can we handle it interactively even during individual sessions?
* No such videos for now

How do we guide the participants through working in teams?
* Size of groups, time zones
* mediating through Teams (breakouts and sub-channels)

Schedule drafting
* Time zones and clear communication with participants
* Juliet to produce the broadest outline timing by the end of the day
* Work with JD for time-zone translation
* Carl to report on feedback from participants

Thinking about Data I
* We will use existing video

Tsetse modeling proposal
* Was this sent to faculty@? I haven't seen it
* 5 Jun MMED homework

Modeling for Policy 7 Jul to be assigned
* Should we talk about vaccine inequities? YES
* Carl interested in participating
* Will work with Becky to structure something and TODO bounce off the group

Something about Becky faculty lecture

Reshma has improved her github but has covid emergencies interfering with prep
* Willing to give a discussion review to Bobby

Intro to github (Zinhle)
* Working on technology for sharing work flow
* Will work with Cari (or Cari will share something)

Public Health, Modeling Epidemiology
* JD to figure out what is going on

Likelihood series:
* Bobby, Juliet, me, Cari, Carl?
* Bobby to co-ordinate discussions (let us know if you don't have all emails)
* Bobby almost certainly gaba all the emails [what I heard]

Team prep
* Faikah to start setting up; move meetings to Teams (ugh!)

## New assignments TODO!

JP will email:
- Assignment: update faculty profiles
- Assignment: project descriptions for posting

2021 Jun 02 (Wed)
================

## Application update

~29 applications, including Ola who didn't have to
* Africa-heavy but not ridiculous
* including a smattering from non-Africa non-NA places, some of whom will have time zone

Review process underway (John and Carl here anyway, good fellows!)
* Meet on Thu, try to finalize on Fri

## People

Bobby is on board; Mike will attend as a slightly junior faculty observer (SJFO)

Tom is expected to say yes
* Carl will encourage him to communicate with Jonathan Dushoff

Jonathan will chase Tendai a bit more (hope nothing will "detain" that mission)

## Lecture technology

Everyone is working on preparing their video lectures and will seek help as appropriate
* DAIDD survivors presumably have valuable

## Weekly messages

Start next Monday (7 Jun)
* JD and Cari (maybe Mike)

## Schedule

Migrate to a web-based, time-zone-enabled schedule

Organize links to old lecture material so people can build on existing stuff
* Maybe make links (including private Dropbox links) on a shadow schedule or something

## Projects

How big should project groups be ⇒ how many do we need, how much can we co-operate?
* 3 might be the best for managing; Jonathan is worried about slackers
* If we have some bigger groups, we can provide more than one team member

## Assignment

Everyone suggest a meeting topic for next week (edit here if you love puppies!)
* e.g., a project idea, scoping a lecture

## Consensus

Miriam should have a happy birthday!

2021 May 26 (Wed)
=================

## Application update

25 applications, more expected before deadline (8 hours from now)

Applications to reviewers by end of the day tomorrow (Juliet and Faikah)

Jim will lead review discussions

## Payment and deadlines

Deadline is not expected to be an issue

## Reaching out to more faculty and observers

Mentors: Mutono and Larisse

## Projects

Becky should probably not lead a project (says Becky)

Should we break the project groups by time zones?
* How many participants will there be from each time zone?

## Session structure

How long should recorded lectures be? How do we structure them to be participant-friendly. Discuss more with Jim?

Recorded lectures should not be too long.

A few slides to guide the discussions that follow lectures

19 May 2021
===========

## Application update

There are only 18 applications
* Unknown distribution

There were Qualtrics issues; not clear what the effect was
* Qualtrics currently open

There are also 3 Biomaths and 5 SACEMA students

Re-advertise, extend deadline to next Wednesday (26 May)
* Start reviewing now (how?)
* Final decisions by ~2 Jun; notify by 4 Jun
* Payment deadline from Faikah TODO

John, Carl, Zinhle, Jim – Juliet to suggest who screens whom? TODO
* Two screeners per applicant

## Sessions and People (Bobby and Tendai, Hladish)

We like all of these people, but there are a lot of us

Invite all! Jonathan TODO
* TH is an "observer"

## Schedule

Once through; revisit after faculty invitations

## Mentor

Invite Mutono and Larisse (↔ serials)
* Zinhle and Jonathan (bekunene)

Roger and Sarah
* Revisit if we get some noes

Cygu in Kenya (in bullpen)

Mike Li (observer??) Jonathan TODO

## Projects

Similar to usual but more self-contained

Serial and generation intervals
* rabies, covid, other?

Malaria?

HIV?

Tsetse?

Dengue?

Rubella?

Rabies

Some sort of simulation, fitting, validation project?

Covid scenarios

BYE!!!

## Session format (next week?)

## Weekly messages

## Where to share information?
